Add a MOOSE-aware PR review agent skill (#33139)
idaholab/moose: .claude/skills/moose-pr-review/references/documentation.md

Reviewer: I believe @dschwen has a documentation skill in another PR?

Author: I trimmed this doc review skill to only mention things to review. In the other PR, the skill focuses on "authoring" doc. Once both skills are in place, we can do a follow-up PR to let the doc-reviewing skill reference the doc-authoring skill.

# MOOSE Documentation - Review Checklist

MOOSE's docs build (MooseDocs) is part of the quality gate: a new user-facing object without
its documentation page fails the build, and the SQA system cross-checks that descriptions,
parameter tables, and requirements stay consistent. So documentation findings are often
*required*, not optional polish.

## New MooseObjects need two things

When the diff registers a new object (`registerMooseObject(...)`, `registerMooseAction(...)`),
check both:

1. **A class description in code.** `validParams()` should call
   `params.addClassDescription("...")` with a concise one-line summary of what the object does.
   This string drives the syntax tables and system overviews. Each added parameter
   (`addRequiredParam`/`addParam`/`addRequiredCoupledVar`/...) should also pass a clear
   documentation string - these become the user-facing parameter help.

> 2. **A markdown stub page** whose path mirrors the source path. The pattern is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **A markdown page** whose path mirrors the source path. The pattern is
```

   `src/<area>/<ClassName>.C` -> `<app>/doc/content/source/<area>/<ClassName>.md`. Examples:
   - `framework/src/kernels/Diffusion.C` -> `framework/doc/content/source/kernels/Diffusion.md`
   - `modules/<mod>/src/.../Foo.C` -> `modules/<mod>/doc/content/source/.../Foo.md`

>    A minimal stub uses MooseDocs auto-generation markers so the content stays in sync with code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A markdown page should use MooseDocs auto-generation markers so the content stays in sync with code:
```

   ```markdown
   # ClassName

   !syntax description /System/ClassName

>    ## Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ## Overview
```
The overview generally contains a description which is duplicative with the `addClassDescription`. The latter is still useful in other places

   <prose: what it does, when to use it, the math/algorithm if relevant>

   !syntax parameters /System/ClassName

   !syntax inputs /System/ClassName

   !syntax children /System/ClassName
   ```

>    - `!syntax description` pulls the `addClassDescription` text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   - `!syntax parameters` auto-generates the parameter table.
   - `!syntax inputs` / `!syntax children` list where the object is used and its sub-blocks.

   A page that is only the auto-markers with no `## Overview` prose is a reason to request more

>    - the description should clarify anything unusual or non-obvious, not just regenerate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - the overview body should clarify anything unusual or non-obvious, not just regenerate the
```

   parameter table.

## Modified objects

- If a PR changes an existing object's parameters or behavior, the corresponding `.md` page and
  any prose referencing it must be updated to stay accurate. Stale documentation is a finding.

## Inline (Doxygen) documentation

> - Not strictly required, but request it when code is unclear. In-source docs should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request it when the class/class-member use is non-obvious from the name alone. In-source docs should be
```
